there's no overnight quick magical
success that doesn't take a lot of work
it doesn't take a lot of effort or
knowledge and you can just kind of sit
on the couch for a couple hours and then
boom suddenly you're a multi-millionaire
with a really successful business and a
great family and a great life and all of
your needs checked off and met no matter
what you do there is no easy route
hey what's up and welcome to this
episode of build your tribe today I'm
going to talk to you about the five
biggest lies of Entrepreneurship I feel
like I'm seeing it less so nowadays but
definitely five years ago and even still
sometimes today there's this like silly
goofy overly extravagant depiction of
what entrepreneurship and owning a
business is really like oftentimes I'm
seeing people who are renting giant
mansion airbnbs and they're renting out
Lamborghinis and they're doing like
these photo shoots in front of the house
and they're like flexing on the car and
they're talking about passive income and
how they're a six-figure entrepreneur
and they're a multi-millionaire and all
these things when in reality behind the
scenes a lot of that isn't true and a
lot of that is being told to you as a
lie so that you end up buying their
course or whatever it is because they
want to make some money actually
um but I'm seeing less of that nowadays
but it's definitely still in a lot of
people's minds and even beyond the
Lamborghinis and the giant mansions I
think that there's a lot of of
misconceptions that people have around
entrepreneurship there's a lot of things
that people don't understand about
entrepreneurship and a lot of things
that new entrepreneurs get caught up in
and that's really the purpose of today's
episode is I wanted to share these
things with you to kind of set your
reality and your expectations where they
should be in my opinion because if we go
into this go into this world of
Entrepreneurship starting a business a
side hustle passive income whatever it
may be with the wrong intentions or with
the wrong expectations it can lead to
some pretty poor results it can lead to
frustration burnout overwhelm quitting
believing that you've been sold a false
dream and in many times that narrative
that's being sold to you on social media
isn't true oftentimes the super polished
perfected podcasters or the you know
hyper edited Instagram influencers they
portray this unrealistic reality of what
entrepreneurship and business owning is
all about because let's be honest before
we even get into these five biggest lies
of Entrepreneurship no matter what you
do there is no easy route unless you're
lucky enough to be born as the child of
billionaires who die at a very young age
and then pass their Fortune down onto
you there's no easy way to make a lot of
money there's no easy way there are
definitely easier ways but there's no
overnight quick magical success that
doesn't take a lot of work it doesn't
take a lot of effort or knowledge and
you can just kind of sit on the couch
for a couple hours and then boom
suddenly you're a multi-millionaire with
a really successful business and a great
family and a great life and all of your
needs checked off and met that's just
not real life that's not realistic and I
hope that's not the belief you have
going into it I don't think that's the
belief that you have going into it but
still with that being said there is this
belief that entrepreneurship is so easy
I'm going to leave the corporate world
I'm going to leave nine to five and you
know it's just once you start passive
income you just you know spend a couple
hours on some website and then you're
good to go for the rest of your life you
can just collect the checks in the mail
every month and that couldn't be farther
from the truth and so the first lie of
Entrepreneurship that I wanted to
address is this idea of passive income
there is no such thing as 100
passive income I will argue with anyone
I'll even argue with one of my favorite
peoples in entrepreneurship Pat Flynn
who has the smart passive income podcast
about this topic and I think he would
actually agree with me I don't think he
would argue me on this one but there is
nothing that is truly 100 passive even
if I'm thinking of the most passive
income possible there is still some
amount of effort required let's take for
example Sean Cannell and a green juice
video that he made about 10 years ago on
his YouTube channel he was talking about
this green juice that he had been taking
it's like a powder that he'd been mixing
in with his water he talked about why he
loved it he talked about its features
and benefits and he put a link an
affiliate code down in the description
and from that video still 10 years later
he's still getting views which that
video is now monetized so he's getting
paid from YouTube AdSense and he's
getting paid from the affiliate
commission from people searching for
watching and then ending up purchasing
that product from his code or from his
link and so he's still earning an income
off that video 10 years later now is he
doing any effort now to make sure that
he's able to earn an income from that
video probably not probably a very very
minimal amount of effort just to make
sure that the link is still working make
sure that it's still current make sure
that the video hasn't been taken down
make sure that his YouTube channel
remains in good monetization standing
but he probably doesn't need to put in
that much effort today to make money off
that video it's it's mostly passive but
even that it's not 100 passive and of
course that doesn't even mention the
fact that 10 years ago he had to put a
lot of effort into actually creating the
video he had to put effort into creating
a very SEO friendly title into creating
a thumbnail that would grab people's
attention into actually scripting and
filming recording editing uploading the
video so it took a lot of effort up
front and really that's what passive in
income is all about true passive income
is putting in a lot of effort up front
sometimes days weeks months maybe even
years of effort to build a business to
build a stream of income up front and
then after that it's usually just little
Tinkers little tiny bits of Maintenance
to keep it running and so it's mostly
passive after that but there's no such
thing as 100 passive income it just it
just doesn't exist besides an
inheritance I don't think there's
anything that's 100 passive number two
on my list of the five biggest lies of
Entrepreneurship is that you should be
following your passion finding your
dream finding your purpose in life and
that is what entrepreneurship is all
about no it ain't for some of us our
passion and purpose is totally outside
of business it's totally something that
has nothing to do with making money or
growing clientele or building a social
media following it might have absolutely
nothing to do with that like there might
be no way to monetize your true purpose
or passion for others of of us there's a
way that you could monetize your purpose
or passion but it's going to be really
really tough and it's going to take the
fun and the joy out of your purpose and
passion and it's not going to be what
you're passionate about anymore because
you instead have to spend 14 hours a day
trying to scrape by and make money
chasing after your dreams and so I
believe especially when you're first
getting started especially when you are
brand new to making money online
becoming an entrepreneur oftentimes your
thought your goal should not be to find
your purpose to chase your dreams and
follow your passions but instead what's
the quickest easiest or most efficient
way that I can earn income when I first
started my very first business I was not
chasing my dreams I was not following my
passion my passion at that time my
dreams were to play in the NFL my
passion was playing college football and
that's what I was doing but when I
started that first business I had very
little interest in the actual content in
the actual topic that that business was
about many of you know that first
business was called unwrapped snap and
in that business there was an e-course
where I taught moms how to keep their
kids safe on Snapchat I wasn't
passionate about keeping kids safe
online I didn't think my life's purpose
was to teach moms how to use Snapchat
and understand what the teens are doing
on Snapchat but I knew a few things I
knew number one that it was a skill I
had I had recently taught my parents and
even my grandparents how to use Snapchat
so I knew that I could teach older
Generations how to use Snapchat I knew
there was a market for it because it was
all over the news it was all that people
were talking about in the social media
world is the drama around Snapchat
Snapchat was super popular there were
disappearing messages there were creepy
people what is going on on Snapchat the
parents in the older Generations largely
didn't know how to use it but they were
scared of it and so because I knew there
was a gap in the market and I knew I had
what it took to fill that Gap I started
that business and it was a way to make
money now did that make me a six-figure
earner did that establish me as you know
a worldwide keynote speaker and a
thought leader in the the space no it
didn't but it provided me a lot of
valuable lessons it provided me with the
income and capital that I used to start
my next businesses it provided me with
the background the social media
following the presence the skills and
the confidence to Pivot that business
and to change into Snapchat marketing
something that I still wasn't super
passionate about but I was more
passionate about marketing and so with
each iteration with each change I get a
little bit closer to something that is
truly bringing me joy and something that
is truly fulfilling my passion or my
purpose now as I do social media
marketing more broadly and specifically
Instagram growth marketing it is
something I'm passionate about it is
something that I love to do it is
something that I geek out over but I was
able to get to this stage because I
started by first embracing the suck and
doing something that I wasn't super
passionate about but that I knew I would
be able to make an income off of and I
knew I would be able to see results and
see a win and that would Propel me into
this next stage of business I also think
the pressure that we put on ourselves to
find our passion and discover why we're
on this planet can be debilitating and
it can stop you from starting a business
in the first place or from growing the
business successfully and recognizing
the gaps in the market that you could
fill like there are so many
opportunities for all of us there's so
many opportunities for you to make money
online I guarantee you if we were to sit
down and have a one-on-one conversation
we could come up with like a dozen if
not 20 or 30 ideas of gaps in the market
that you could fill that you have a
unique qualification or expertise or
background or story that can fill those
gaps and make you money but oftentimes
we're so caught up in this idea of I
have to follow my passion and Chase my
dreams and find my purpose that we
ignore all those other things that are
actually going to set us financially
free all those other things that are
actually going to allow us to find our
purpose and chase our dreams because
we're so focused on first and foremost
Chasing the Dream and following the
passion I'm passionate about traveling
and snowboarding with my wife I'm
passionate about collecting Pokemon
cards and playing my Nintendo switch I'm
passionate about film reviews but those
aren't things that I necessarily can
easily monetize nor do I want to instead
those are things that I'm now able to do
I'm able to travel around the US in an
Airstream trailer with my wife every
winter we're able to live in the
mountains we're able to do all these
things Foster dogs and I'm able to have
a giant like down here below my camera
is my giant binder filled with Pokemon
cards and I'm able to do those things
and enjoy those luxuries because I first
embraced the suck and started a business
that I wasn't necessarily passionate
about but that I knew I would see
results from before we go any further I
do want to say that a lot of this is
covered more in depth in the marketing
impact Academy as well as not just the
lies of Entrepreneurship but like how do
you actually build passive income how do
you actually identify those gaps in the
market if you're not able to have a
one-on-one conversation with me that's
what the marketing impact Academy is for
it's from taking you from idea to income
and we only really opened that about
once or twice a year but we do
occasionally do pop-ups and webinars and
trainings to help you and possibly even
invite you to become a member of the
marketing impact Academy you can find a
link to that down in the description or
in the show notes of this podcast and I
would highly recommend joining the wait
list just so that you can stay abreast
and be in the know when we do open that
up because it's usually only for like 48
hours and you might miss the window but
now my third biggest lie of
Entrepreneurship and these aren't in any
particular order but the third lie that
I want to address is that you need to do
it all by yourself if you're an
entrepreneur you need to burn the
midnight candle you need to you know be
a solo entrepreneur and figure it all
out do it all by yourself you need to do
it without a team and that couldn't be
further from the truth that is the
opposite of the truth I don't know why
there's this this ego involved or this
Pride that people take in hustling and
grinding and I'm just gonna outwork
everyone else and I'm gonna destroy my
relationship ships and destroy my home
life and destroy my my personal joy and
my personal health my physical health my
mental health because I'm just gonna
grind and grind and grind and hustle I
know there are certain entrepreneurs no
shade to them who preach that and listen
if that's you that's fine maybe you're
coming to build your tribe for a
different reason but here at build your
tribe we do not subscribe to that notion
we do not subscribe to the ideology that
is given to Workaholics and workaholism
we know firsthand about the dangers
about the realities about the slippery
slope about the relationships that can
be destroyed because of workaholism and
because of addiction to working and
hustling and grinding and I know that so
many of us entrepreneurs feel this guilt
if we aren't working 24 7 or if we
aren't you know doing things ourselves
and if we're not the one figuring it out
and learning it when in reality that is
the opposite of what we should feel what
we should be embracing is outsourcing
and delegation and hiring teams and
looking for mentors and asking for help
one of my big goals for 2023 that
admittedly I did a good job of earlier
in the year and I think I've been
slacking on it recently is asking for
help asking for help more often asking
for help in your personal life and in
business and it's so essential as
entrepreneurs we can't do this alone if
you can achieve your dreams by yourself
then you are not dreaming big enough
what that means is if you can achieve
success without a team without mentors
without guides without people who you
can Outsource and delegate to then
you're dreaming small and I don't want
you to dream small I want you to dream
big and Achieve that success and you're
only going to do that with a team right
Teamwork Makes the Dream work as cliche
and as silly and goofy as that sounds
and you've been hearing it since you
were six years old on that little t-ball
or soccer team it's true one of the
biggest reasons that I've had success in
my business and on my social media is
because at a very young age at a very
early stage in my business I learned how
essential it is to Outsource and even
though I knew how valuable it was was
and I had heard every you know expert
talk about how important it was to
delegate and Outsource I was still
petrified when I hired my first team
member I was 19 years old at the time
and my business had made less than three
thousand dollars in total profit less
than three thousand dollars in most
places in the country in the United
States that's not even going to cover
one month's rent so anyways my business
was very fresh very new but I understood
you know I need to rip the Band-Aid off
I need to hire a team member so I hired
this woman to be my quote unquote
assistant but I put that in quotes
because I really didn't know what to
give or I didn't know what to have her
do at that time so she was essentially
just sending me a weekly email with what
the latest trends or changes on Snapchat
were like this would literally take her
probably 10 minutes she could set up
Google Alerts pull out a couple you know
news headlines send them to me via email
she really wasn't doing all that much
and it wasn't really making
um that much of a difference in terms of
like what I was able to do in my own
business but let me tell you this the
first month after I hired her I doubled
my income in the business we doubled our
sales why is that because number one I
now had someone who I was responsible
for I had someone who I was paying their
paycheck I was sending the money they
were working for me and so I had a
responsibility to grow this business to
make sure that I was expanding the
business or else I wouldn't be able to
pay her and also I'd be losing money
right so I started working harder I
started finding more ways to be more
efficient and to automatize and
systematize things I was able to produce
a lot more while working a lot less and
then from there because I had ripped off
that Band-Aid because I had hired that
first person and I now knew that it
wasn't so scary and that I could do it I
was able to hire more people I was able
to give her my assistant more roles and
responsibilities that actually did
lighten the load on me which then freed
me up to work more efficiently and
produce more and generate more student
and more income so I can't stress enough
how essential it is to Outsource to
delegate to ask for help and to find
mentors your business and quite honestly
your life depends on it number four on
my list of the biggest lies of
Entrepreneurship is that everyone is cut
out to be a leader or everyone is cut
out to be an entrepreneur and I used to
think that was true but I just don't
think that's true anymore some people
are meant to be role players and that's
totally fine not everyone is supposed to
be an entrepreneur or a CEO some of us
Thrive when given Direction and clear
objectives and we're going to clock in
and clock out like that's totally fine
there shouldn't be a shame in working
that kind of life or if that's you
that's totally fine not everyone needs
to be an entrepreneur not everyone needs
to be a leader I think most people have
some form of entrepreneurial qualities
you might have some things about you
that might lend themselves to becoming a
better entrepreneur and you can
definitely learn things you can pick up
skills you can attend seminars there's
there's plenty of growth that can be had
but I also think that you don't need to
put this unrealistic and unnecessary
pressure on yourself or maybe your
spouse or your child or your partner
whatever
to be an entrepreneur to be a CEO or to
be a content creator if that's just not
them and also this goes back to my
previous point when you do start to
build a team not everyone on your team
is going to think the way you think
they're not all going to be able to
deliver and produce the way you do so
it's important to as you're building
that team figure out what everyone's
skill sets are what are their strengths
and weaknesses and to put people
including yourself in positions where
you can Thrive and where you can succeed
and where you can grow because I know
oftentimes we're told that you know we
should focus on our weaknesses and we
should improve them and we should work
towards what we're not good at to make
it better but oftentimes I think that
maybe the opposite advice might be more
beneficial instead put yourself in
positions where you can rely on your
strengths where your strengths can get
even better like let's think about Tom
Brady for example Tom Brady arguably the
greatest football player of all time the
greatest quarterback of all time but
also notorious for being quite
unathletic quite slow like a lot of
people will play you his 40-yard dash
time when he was coming out of college
and getting ready for the NFL draft and
show you how slow it was people often
made fun of how he was very immobile and
he couldn't run around very much but he
didn't Focus all of his off season
training on speed work and on becoming a
better Runner and becoming more mobile
and agile like he definitely you know
worked on those things a fair amount so
that they didn't become a Kryptonite but
he didn't spend the majority of his
off-season training you know on the
treadmill and running around the track
to become a better Speedster he instead
leaned into his strengths his knowledge
his ability to study his opponent his
throwing motion his technique and things
like that his relationship with his
teammates his leadership skills rather
than focusing all of his time and
efforts on what he wasn't great at think
of of whoever your favorite person is
whoever you think is the best and
whatever it is you're into I don't care
if it's like music and you're thinking
of like Taylor Swift or Beyonce or if
you're thinking of basketball or any
sport or football or if you're thinking
of piano playing or if you're thinking
of a sculpting like I don't care what
you are obsessed with and what you're
into and who you think is the best in
that space but think about that person
for a second and I bet that person spent
more time improving their strengths than
they did focusing on their weaknesses
and then last but not least the fifth
biggest lie of Entrepreneurship and this
one might actually be the biggest of all
nowadays is that you need to have a
social media following you need to have
a massive social media with tons of
hyper engaged followers I want you to
think of the biggest business tycoons in
the world almost none of them are where
they are today because of their social
media following it's not because they
got a certain amount of likes on
Instagram that they knew how to run a
successful business now can having a
very large and engaged social media
following lend itself to a Better
Business more customers more leads sure
but it's absolutely not necessary and if
the first thing you're doing as an
entrepreneur is trying to build a social
media following you're building a house
of cards you're building a house that's
on quicksand it's going to crumble it's
going to fall it might look really
pretty for a minute when you have a
couple hundred K followers and you're
getting great engagement but what
happens when algorithms change what
happens when the platform gets banned
what happens when the platform now
requires you to pay a monthly fee just
to reach a quarter of your followers
what happens when you get hacked what
happens when your account gets
wrongfully disabled and terminated and
you have no one to contact about it it
is a scary place to be if you're an
entrepreneur whose primary or sole focus
is building a social media following and
your thought is we'll all figure out the
business stuff later I'll figure out the
back end I'll figure out the email list
I'll figure out my funnels and my sales
later but right now I just need a really
big social media following and then I'll
convert them all into followers down the
line that's like putting all of your
eggs in one basket but there's a big
giant hole at the bottom of your basket
and all the eggs are just falling
straight through to the ground and
cracking into a million pieces and now
there's egg yolk all over your floor
good luck cleaning that up it's not a
good plant it's not sustainable it's not
reliable anyone who has a large
successful business will tell you the
same thing they are not successful
solely because of their social media
following their social media following
in some cases does lend to more
customers and a better business but the
social media following was not their
primary focus building a social media
following is like step seven of building
a successful business and it's a step
that isn't even required or necessary
you can have six figure launches without
ever making a post about it on social
media you can build a multi-million
dollar Business Without Even 2 000
followers on Instagram without even
having a tick tock account without
having ever uploaded a YouTube video it
is possible but you have to know the
systems and the strategies in place you
have to have that set up you have to
follow the blueprint and the right steps
in order to do so and unfortunately and
that's why this is such a big lie most
people believe that step one is not
going to grow a big social media
following if I want a big business in
today's day and age I need a lot of
followers I need a lot of Social Capital
as it's called and that just isn't true
if you want some more information about
what that blueprint is and what the
actual steps are again that's what's
covered in the marketing impact Academy
again it's not open right now or at
least I should say it's probably not
open right now statistically speaking
odds are it's not open at the time
you're listening to this but down in the
description you can find the link to
join the wait list that way we can
notify you when it is open and available
it really only opens maybe once or twice
a year but I appreciate you for
listening today so thank you so much for
spending your time with me I hope you
enjoyed watching or listening to this
podcast make sure to leave a like if
you're watching on YouTube and make sure
to hit that subscribe button no matter
where you're watching or listening the
Subscribe button is the best way to make
sure that you never miss an episode my
mom and I we put out two of these super
valuable educational inspirational cap
captivating podcast episodes every
single week and we put a lot of effort
into these for free it doesn't cost you
a single dime to subscribe so no matter
where you're watching right now hit that
subscribe button if you enjoyed today's
episode and make sure to stay tuned for
the next episode of build your tribe and
heck even scroll back through some of
our past episodes and binge listen if
you're going on a long road trip or you
got a long flight up ahead of you uh you
maybe got some chores and errands to do
this weekend go ahead and download some
of these episodes and uh have yourself a
little knowledge Party by listening to
build your tribe but thank you so much
for spending your time with me today I
appreciate you and as always happy
networking
[Music]